Abraham Lincoln is the hero of the United
States and is consistently ranked as one of
the greatest presidents in American history.
However, in the following movie, we'll see
him on a very special mission.
This is Movie Shortens.
Be aware, there are spoilers!
In 1818, little Will is being beaten by a
slaver at a plantation in Indiana.
Abraham Lincoln rushes to save his friend
but his father, Thomas, tries to stop him.
Abraham steps back and takes an ax, attempting
to kill the man.
Unfortunately, the two boys then get more
brutal hits.
Thomas and his wife, Nancy, storm out to save
their son.
He knocks the slaver off the river.
The owner, Jack Barts, appears and accuses
the Lincolns for attacking his people.
Due to Abraham’s action, they are all fired.
At night, Abraham sees a shadow entering his
house and gets closer to Nancy’s bed.
It is revealed to be the owner Jack.
The following day, Nancy becomes very ill,
even the doctor couldn’t explain her condition.
Abraham lies next to Nancy and reads her a
poem he made by himself.
Just then, Nancy dies.
At Nancy’s funeral, Thomas cries and tells
Abraham never to think about taking revenge
for his mother.
Abraham is bound by the promise to his father
until Thomas dies nine years later.
He has to make Jack pay the price.
One night, after having some drinks in the
bar, a man approaches and talks to him but
Abraham only thinks about his revenge.
Later, Abraham comes to the plantation and
points the gun at Jack.
For some reason, his gun fails to trigger
at first.
When Abraham runs away from Jack, he manages
to fix the gun and eventually shoots Jack
in the eye.
He then throws the gun to the river.
A second later, Jack suddenly appears with
the face of a vampire and attacks Abraham.
The strange man from the bar appears from
behind Jack and rescues Abraham.
The following day, Abraham wakes up in a house.
Later, he gets to see Henry Sturgess, who
saved his life last night.
Henry explains that vampires exist around
the countries and to hunt them down, a person
needs to be well trained and commit to a life
completely alone.
Abraham then pleads to be a vampire hunter.
Henry accepts him and the two start the training.
Abraham chooses his very first weapon is the
ax.
Henry tells Abraham that real power doesn’t
come from hatred, it’s from the truth.
Next, Henry trains the young man to fight
in the dark because the vampires can be invisible.
The two spend years for the hunting skills.
Henry also reveals that the vampires never
wear anything silver.
Silver is their weakness.
Henry gives Abraham a silver pocket watch.
Henry wants Abraham to kill the vampire’s
leaders: Adam and his sister Vadoma.
Other vampires including Jack Barts, his enemy,
are actually descended from them.
Vampires have been in the New World for centuries.
They slaughter native tribes and early settlers.
But when the Europeans arrive with their slaves,
they see the opportunities to build an empire
of the undead.
The hunters, like Henry and Abraham, ensure
that this is a nation of men, and not monsters.
In 1837, Abraham comes to Springfield to study
law.
He befriends a shop owner named Joshua and
works at his shop to pay for the rent.
He also meets with Mary Todd.
Though Henry used to warn a hunter not to
develop any relationship during his life,
Abraham soons has some feelings over Mary.
During the time living in Springfield, Abraham
has to hunt vampires, following Henry’s
letters.
One night, Abraham accidentally falls into
the trap of a vampire.
When the vampire almost cuts his neck for
blood supply, Abrahm manages to kill the monster
with a knife hidden before.
In the daytime, Abraham usually covers the
wounds when he is at work with Joshua.
One night, Joshua brings Abraham to a town
ball, which is also a good chance to meet
Mary again.
Seeing Abraham sitting alone in the party,
Mary teaches him to dance.
Their attachment irritates Mary’s fiance,
a Springfield senator.
Abraham spends night time hunting for vampires.
There are more and more appearing in town.
This makes him exhausted during the daytime
when he has a day out with Mary.
Abraham reveals his identity to Mary, which
makes her even fall for him more.
However, Abraham decides to stay away from
Mary as it is the best for her safety.
Meanwhile, the fact that a mysterious hunter
has killed six vampires alerts Adam and Vadoma.
One night, Abraham reunites with Will, his
childhood friend.
He finds all the way to see Abraham, a law
student, to help him prove his true identity.
Will is born free and not a runaway.
On the way, the two are attacked by the bounty
hunters.
Abraham fights back with his remarkable strength.
However, the two end up in jail, and Mary
has to help them out.
During this time, Abraham proves himself to
be a very potential politician.
His contributions to the community impress
the town senators.
Henry appears in town and lets Abraham know
that Jacks has noticed Mary for a long time.
It is now time for Henry to kill Jack.
In a furious horse chase, there is a very
competitive fight between Abraham and Jack.
Abraham finally defeats Jack.
Before dying, Jack reveals that Henry is actually
a vampire.
Later, Abraham finds Henry to know about the
truth.
Henry confesses that years ago, he was attacked
by Adam and became a vampire.
As Henry’s soul is impure, he can’t kill
Adam or any other vampires.
Only the living can kill the dead.
He thinks of a plan to train for vampire hunters
like Abraham, hoping to destroy the entire
vampires and eventually Adam.
Abraham is disappointed and leaves Henry after
that.
He quits being a vampire hunter.
Coming back to the shop, Abraham proposes
marriage to Mary.
The couple then have a fabulous wedding.
Henry shows up at the wedding and warns Abraham
that giving up on the hunter mission does
more harm to Mary.
Abraham just ignores Henry.
Meanwhile, Adam and Vadoma find out about
Abraham's identity by the silver watch in
Jack's hand.
They kidnap Will and use him to lure Abraham
to a party.
Abraham tells Joshua the truth and they come
to the plantation to save Will.
At the party, Abraham sees the slaves become
vampire food.
Abraham storms in and destroys some of the
vampires with his silver ax.
Vadoma appears and chains Abraham with a chair.
Adam wants to recruit Abraham, making him
a right-hand man for the plan to make the
US a country of the undead.
When Adam is about to take blood from Will,
Joshua appears with a horse ride and furiously
rescues the friends.
The slaves help the friends to run away from
Adam and Vadoma.
From that moment, Abraham develops his political
career, aiming to eliminate slavery.
Henry argues that the slave trade helps the
vampire under control all these years.
If Abraham interferes with them, the vampire
will rage on.
Abraham decides to separate from Henry and
insists on his path.
He’ll not fight with the ax anymore, but
with words and ideals.
Later, Abraham Lincoln becomes the President
of the United States.
Will and Joshua become his very close assistants.
He moves to the White House with Mary when
the US falls into a civil war.
They have a son named William.
Vadoma disguises to a servant and poisons
William.
The boy becomes very sick for days and dies
shortly after that.
Mary blames Abraham for everything.
Henry shows up and tells Abraham that the
boy’s death is just a beginning.
There are more and more casualties during
the war.
The vampires are becoming more powerful than
ever.
Abraham suddenly thinks of a solution when
he holds a silver fork.
He orders all the silverware in the area and
turns it into silver weapons.
Joshua thinks Abraham is out of mind and he
is killing the country.
He then takes the vampire's side and reveals
Abraham’s silver plan to Vadoma.
Abraham plans to transport all the silver
on a train.
Meanwhile, Mary and a lot of slaves are on
their way to leave Washington.
On the train, Henry shows up and lets Abraham
know that Joshua is a betrayal, but Abraham
doesn’t buy it.
Later, Will and Abraham fight with the vampires
on the running train.
Abraham takes his silver ax back and kills
countless monsters.
Henry also joins Abraham and Will.
In the car train, Adam learns that the silver
cargos are actually all rocks.
It turns out Joshua meant to trap Adam at
the beginning.
This whole rock plan was set up by Abraham
before.
Joshua then gets killed by Adam.
As the train is about to crash into a fire,
which was set by Vadoma before, Abraham uses
his watch to stab Adam.
The three finally escape and survive.
The silver weapons are actually transported
by Mary and the slaves.
Armed with their silver weapons, the soldiers
destroy the vampires and eventually win the
war.
During the battle, Mary avenges her son by
shooting Vadoma in the head.
Abraham finally makes the US reborn with liberty
and only the living.
The remaining vampires have to escape to other
parts around the world.
Henry convinces Abraham to become a vampire
so he can be immortal and continue his mission
of destroying the vampires.
However, Abraham declines his idea.
Later, ​​Abraham Lincoln is murdered by
John Wilkes Booth.
In modern time, Henry approaches a young man
and talks to him as the way he first met Abraham
long ago.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!